developer@ac-srv-141:~/Verba/frontend/app$ iconv -f ISO-8859 -t utf-8 page.tsx - temp.tsx && mv temp.tsx page.tsx
iconv: failed to start conversion processing
developer@ac-srv-141:~/Verba/frontend/app$ iconv -f windows-1251 -t utf-8 page.tsx - temp.tsx && mv temp.tsx page.tsx
"use client";

import React, { useState, useEffect, useCallback } from "react";
import { GoogleAnalytics } from "@next/third-parties/google";


// Components
import Navbar from "./components/Navigation/NavbarComponent";
import DocumentView from "./components/Document/DocumentView";
import IngestionView from "./components/Ingestion/IngestionView";
import LoginView from "./components/Login/LoginView";
import ChatView from "./components/Chat/ChatView";
import SettingsView from "./components/Settings/SettingsView";
import StatusMessengerComponent from "./components/Navigation/StatusMessenger";

// Types
import {
  Credentials,
  RAGConfig,
  Theme,
  StatusMessage,
  LightTheme,
  Themes,
  DarkTheme,
  DocumentFilter,
  WCDTheme,
  WeaviateTheme,
} from "./types";

// Utilities
import { fetchHealth } from "./api";
import { fonts, FontKey } from "./util";

export default function Home() {
  // Page States
  const [currentPage, setCurrentPage] = useState("CHAT");
  const [production, setProduction] = useState<"Local" | "Demo" | "Production">(
    "Local"
  );
  const [gtag, setGtag] = useState("");

  // Settings
  const [themes, setThemes] = useState<Themes>({
    Light: LightTheme,
    Dark: DarkTheme,
    Weaviate: WeaviateTheme,
    WCD: WCDTheme,
  });
  const [selectedTheme, setSelectedTheme] = useState<Theme>(themes["Weaviate"]);

  const fontKey = selectedTheme.font.value as FontKey; // Safely cast if you're sure, or use a check
  const fontClassName = fontKey ? fonts[fontKey]?.className || "" : "";

  // Login States
  const [isHealthy, setIsHealthy] = useState(false);
  const [isLoggedIn, setIsLoggedIn] = useState(false);
  const [isLoaded, setIsLoaded] = useState(false);
  const [credentials, setCredentials] = useState<Credentials>({
    deployment: "Local",
    url: "",
    key: "",
    default_deployment: "",
  });

  // RAG Config
  const [RAGConfig, setRAGConfig] = useState<null | RAGConfig>(null);

  const [documentFilter, setDocumentFilter] = useState<DocumentFilter[]>([]);

  const [statusMessages, setStatusMessages] = useState<StatusMessage[]>([]);

  const initialFetch = useCallback(async () => {
    try {
      const [health_data] = await Promise.all([fetchHealth()]);

      if (health_data) {
        setProduction(health_data.production);

        setGtag(health_data.gtag);
        setIsHealthy(true);
        setCredentials({
          deployment: "Local",
          url: health_data.deployments.WEAVIATE_URL_VERBA,
          key: health_data.deployments.WEAVIATE_API_KEY_VERBA,
          default_deployment: health_data.default_deployment,
        });
      } else {
        console.warn("Could not retrieve health data");
        setIsHealthy(false);
        setIsLoggedIn(false);
      }
    } catch (error) {
      console.error("Error during initial fetch:", error);
      setIsHealthy(false);
      setIsLoggedIn(false);
    }
  }, []);

  useEffect(() => {
    initialFetch();
  }, []);

  useEffect(() => {
    if (isLoggedIn) {
      const timer = setTimeout(() => {
        setIsLoaded(true);
      }, 1000);

      return () => clearTimeout(timer);
    }
  }, [isLoggedIn]);

  const isValidTheme = (theme: Theme): boolean => {
    const requiredAttributes = [
      "primary_color",
      "secondary_color",
      "warning_color",
      "bg_color",
      "bg_alt_color",
      "text_color",
      "text_alt_color",
      "button_color",
      "button_hover_color",
      "button_text_color",
      "button_text_alt_color",
    ];
    return requiredAttributes.every(
      (attr) =>
        typeof theme[attr as keyof Theme] === "object" &&
        "color" in (theme[attr as keyof Theme] as object)
    );
  };

  const updateCSSVariables = useCallback(() => {
    const themeToUse = selectedTheme;
    const cssVars = {
      "--primary-verba":
        themeToUse.primary_color?.color || WeaviateTheme.primary_color.color,
      "--secondary-verba":
        themeToUse.secondary_color?.color ||
        WeaviateTheme.secondary_color.color,
      "--warning-verba":
        themeToUse.warning_color?.color || WeaviateTheme.warning_color.color,
      "--bg-verba": themeToUse.bg_color?.color || WeaviateTheme.bg_color.color,
      "--bg-alt-verba":
        themeToUse.bg_alt_color?.color || WeaviateTheme.bg_alt_color.color,
      "--text-verba":
        themeToUse.text_color?.color || WeaviateTheme.text_color.color,
      "--text-alt-verba":
        themeToUse.text_alt_color?.color || WeaviateTheme.text_alt_color.color,
      "--button-verba":
        themeToUse.button_color?.color || WeaviateTheme.button_color.color,
      "--button-hover-verba":
        themeToUse.button_hover_color?.color ||
        WeaviateTheme.button_hover_color.color,
      "--text-verba-button":
        themeToUse.button_text_color?.color ||
        WeaviateTheme.button_text_color.color,
      "--text-alt-verba-button":
        themeToUse.button_text_alt_color?.color ||
        WeaviateTheme.button_text_alt_color.color,
    };
    Object.entries(cssVars).forEach(([key, value]) => {
      document.documentElement.style.setProperty(key, value);
    });
  }, [selectedTheme, themes]);

  useEffect(updateCSSVariables, [selectedTheme]);

  const addStatusMessage = (
    message: string,
    type: "INFO" | "WARNING" | "SUCCESS" | "ERROR"
  ) => {
    setStatusMessages((prevMessages) => [
      ...prevMessages,
      { message, type, timestamp: new Date().toISOString() },
    ]);
  };

  return (
    <main
      className={`min-h-screen bg-bg-verba text-text-verba min-w-screen ${fontClassName}`}
      data-theme={selectedTheme.theme}
    >
      {gtag !== "" && <GoogleAnalytics gaId={gtag} />}

      <StatusMessengerComponent
        status_messages={statusMessages}
        set_status_messages={setStatusMessages}
      />

      {!isLoggedIn && isHealthy && (
        <LoginView
          production={production}
          setSelectedTheme={setSelectedTheme}
          setThemes={setThemes}
          credentials={credentials}
          setIsLoggedIn={setIsLoggedIn}
          setRAGConfig={setRAGConfig}
          setCredentials={setCredentials}
        />
      )}

      {isLoggedIn && isHealthy && (
        <div
          className={`transition-opacity duration-1000 ${
            isLoaded ? "opacity-100" : "opacity-0"
          } flex flex-col gap-2 p-5`}
        >
          <div>
            <Navbar
              production={production}
              title={selectedTheme.title.text}
              subtitle={selectedTheme.subtitle.text}
              imageSrc={selectedTheme.image.src}
              version="v2.0.0"
              currentPage={currentPage}
              setCurrentPage={setCurrentPage}
            />

            <div className={`${currentPage === "CHAT" ? "" : "hidden"}`}>
              <ChatView
                addStatusMessage={addStatusMessage}
                credentials={credentials}
                RAGConfig={RAGConfig}
                setRAGConfig={setRAGConfig}
                production={production}
                selectedTheme={selectedTheme}
                currentPage={currentPage}
                documentFilter={documentFilter}
                setDocumentFilter={setDocumentFilter}
              />
            </div>

            {currentPage === "DOCUMENTS" && (
              <DocumentView
                addStatusMessage={addStatusMessage}
                credentials={credentials}
                production={production}
                selectedTheme={selectedTheme}
                documentFilter={documentFilter}
                setDocumentFilter={setDocumentFilter}
              />
            )}

            <div
              className={`${
                currentPage === "ADD" && production != "Demo" ? "" : "hidden"
              }`}
            >
              <IngestionView
                RAGConfig={RAGConfig}
                setRAGConfig={setRAGConfig}
                credentials={credentials}
                addStatusMessage={addStatusMessage}
              />
            </div>

            <div
              className={`${
                currentPage === "SETTINGS" && production != "Demo"
                  ? ""
                  : "hidden"
              }`}
            >
              <SettingsView
                credentials={credentials}
                addStatusMessage={addStatusMessage}
                selectedTheme={selectedTheme}
                setSelectedTheme={setSelectedTheme}
                themes={themes}
                setThemes={setThemes}
              />
            </div>
          </div>

          <div
            className={`footer footer-center p-4 mt-8 bg-bg-verba text-text-alt-verba transition-all duration-1500 delay-1000`}
          >
            <aside>
              <p>Build with ¦ and Weaviate © 2024</p>
            </aside>
          </div>
        </div>
      )}

      <img
        referrerPolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"
        src="https://static.scarf.sh/a.png?x-pxid=ec666e70-aee5-4e87-bc62-0935afae63ac"
      />
    </main>
  );
}


;
^C
developer@ac-srv-141:~/Verba/frontend/app$ cd ..
developer@ac-srv-141:~/Verba/frontend$ npm run build

> verba@2.1.0 build
> next build && cp -r out/* ../goldenverba/server/frontend/out/ && rm -r out

 ⚠ Specified "redirects" will not automatically work with "output: export". See more info here: https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/export-no-custom-routes
 ⚠ Specified "redirects" will not automatically work with "output: export". See more info here: https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/export-no-custom-routes
  ▲ Next.js 14.2.25

   Creating an optimized production build ...
Failed to compile.

./app/page.tsx
Error: Failed to read source code from /home/developer/Verba/frontend/app/page.tsx

Caused by:
    stream did not contain valid UTF-8

Import trace for requested module:
./app/page.tsx


> Build failed because of webpack errors
developer@ac-srv-141:~/Verba/frontend$ rm -rf .next
developer@ac-srv-141:~/Verba/frontend$ npm run build

> verba@2.1.0 build
> next build && cp -r out/* ../goldenverba/server/frontend/out/ && rm -r out

 ⚠ Specified "redirects" will not automatically work with "output: export". See more info here: https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/export-no-custom-routes
 ⚠ Specified "redirects" will not automatically work with "output: export". See more info here: https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/export-no-custom-routes
  ▲ Next.js 14.2.25

   Creating an optimized production build ...
Failed to compile.

./app/page.tsx
Error: Failed to read source code from /home/developer/Verba/frontend/app/page.tsx

Caused by:
    stream did not contain valid UTF-8

Import trace for requested module:
./app/page.tsx


> Build failed because of webpack errors
developer@ac-srv-141:~/Verba/frontend$ file **/*.ts*
app/api.ts:     ASCII text
app/layout.tsx: HTML document, ASCII text
app/page.tsx:   Java source, ISO-8859 text
app/types.ts:   ASCII text
app/util.ts:    Java source, ASCII text
developer@ac-srv-141:~/Verba/frontend$ file **/**/*.ts*
node_modules/acorn-jsx/index.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/ajv-keywords/ajv-keywords.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/ansi-regex/index.d.ts:                                        Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/ansi-styles/index.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/any-promise/implementation.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/any-promise/index.d.ts:                                       ASCII text, with very long lines (391)
node_modules/any-promise/register.d.ts:                                    Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/anymatch/index.d.ts:                                          ASCII text
node_modules/arg/index.d.ts:                                               ASCII text
node_modules/array-union/index.d.ts:                                       Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/astring/astring.d.ts:                                         Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/axe-core/axe.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/bail/index.d.ts:                                              ASCII text
node_modules/base64-js/index.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/binary-extensions/binary-extensions.json.d.ts:                ASCII text
node_modules/binary-extensions/index.d.ts:                                 Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/browserslist/error.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/browserslist/index.d.ts:                                      Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/buffer/index.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/callsites/index.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/ccount/index.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/chalk/index.d.ts:                                             ASCII text
node_modules/character-entities-html4/index.d.ts:                          ASCII text
node_modules/character-entities/index.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/comma-separated-tokens/index.d.ts:                            ASCII text
node_modules/cross-fetch/index.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/csstype/index.d.ts:                                           ASCII text, with very long lines (469)
node_modules/date-fns/add.d.ts:                                            Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addBusinessDays.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addDays.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addHours.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addISOWeekYears.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addMilliseconds.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addMinutes.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addMonths.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addQuarters.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addSeconds.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addWeeks.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/addYears.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/areIntervalsOverlapping.d.ts:                        Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/clamp.d.ts:                                          Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/closestIndexTo.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/closestTo.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/compareAsc.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/compareDesc.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/constants.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/constructFrom.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/constructNow.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/daysToWeeks.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInBusinessDays.d.ts:                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInCalendarDays.d.ts:                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInCalendarISOWeekYears.d.ts:               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInCalendarISOWeeks.d.ts:                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInCalendarMonths.d.ts:                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInCalendarQuarters.d.ts:                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInCalendarWeeks.d.ts:                      Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInCalendarYears.d.ts:                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInDays.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInHours.d.ts:                              Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInISOWeekYears.d.ts:                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInMilliseconds.d.ts:                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInMinutes.d.ts:                            Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInMonths.d.ts:                             ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInQuarters.d.ts:                           Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInSeconds.d.ts:                            Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInWeeks.d.ts:                              Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/differenceInYears.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/eachDayOfInterval.d.ts:                              Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/eachHourOfInterval.d.ts:                             Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/eachMinuteOfInterval.d.ts:                           Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/eachMonthOfInterval.d.ts:                            Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/eachQuarterOfInterval.d.ts:                          Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/eachWeekOfInterval.d.ts:                             ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/eachWeekendOfInterval.d.ts:                          Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/eachWeekendOfMonth.d.ts:                             ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/eachWeekendOfYear.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/eachYearOfInterval.d.ts:                             Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfDay.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfDecade.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfHour.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfISOWeek.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfISOWeekYear.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfMinute.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfMonth.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfQuarter.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfSecond.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfToday.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfTomorrow.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfWeek.d.ts:                                      Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfYear.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/endOfYesterday.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/format.d.ts:                                         Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/date-fns/formatDistance.d.ts:                                 Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/formatDistanceStrict.d.ts:                           Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/formatDistanceToNow.d.ts:                            Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/formatDistanceToNowStrict.d.ts:                      Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/formatDuration.d.ts:                                 Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/formatISO.d.ts:                                      Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/formatISO9075.d.ts:                                  Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/formatISODuration.d.ts:                              Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/formatRFC3339.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/formatRFC7231.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/formatRelative.d.ts:                                 Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/fp.d.ts:                                             ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/fromUnixTime.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getDate.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getDay.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getDayOfYear.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getDaysInMonth.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getDaysInYear.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getDecade.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getDefaultOptions.d.ts:                              Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getHours.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getISODay.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getISOWeek.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getISOWeekYear.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getISOWeeksInYear.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getMilliseconds.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getMinutes.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getMonth.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getOverlappingDaysInIntervals.d.ts:                  Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getQuarter.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getSeconds.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getTime.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getUnixTime.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getWeek.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getWeekOfMonth.d.ts:                                 Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getWeekYear.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getWeeksInMonth.d.ts:                                Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/getYear.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/hoursToMilliseconds.d.ts:                            ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/hoursToMinutes.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/hoursToSeconds.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/index.d.ts:                                          ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/interval.d.ts:                                       Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/intervalToDuration.d.ts:                             Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/intlFormat.d.ts:                                     Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/date-fns/intlFormatDistance.d.ts:                             ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isAfter.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isBefore.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isDate.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isEqual.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isExists.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isFirstDayOfMonth.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isFriday.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isFuture.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isLastDayOfMonth.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isLeapYear.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isMatch.d.ts:                                        Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/date-fns/isMonday.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isPast.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSameDay.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSameHour.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSameISOWeek.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSameISOWeekYear.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSameMinute.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSameMonth.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSameQuarter.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSameSecond.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSameWeek.d.ts:                                     Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSameYear.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSaturday.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isSunday.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isThisHour.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isThisISOWeek.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isThisMinute.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isThisMonth.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isThisQuarter.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isThisSecond.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isThisWeek.d.ts:                                     Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isThisYear.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isThursday.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isToday.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isTomorrow.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isTuesday.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isValid.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isWednesday.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isWeekend.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isWithinInterval.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/isYesterday.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/lastDayOfDecade.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/lastDayOfISOWeek.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/lastDayOfISOWeekYear.d.ts:                           ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/lastDayOfMonth.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/lastDayOfQuarter.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/lastDayOfWeek.d.ts:                                  Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/lastDayOfYear.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/lightFormat.d.ts:                                    Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/date-fns/locale.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/max.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/milliseconds.d.ts:                                   Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/millisecondsToHours.d.ts:                            ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/millisecondsToMinutes.d.ts:                          ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/millisecondsToSeconds.d.ts:                          ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/min.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/minutesToHours.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/minutesToMilliseconds.d.ts:                          ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/minutesToSeconds.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/monthsToQuarters.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/monthsToYears.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/nextDay.d.ts:                                        Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/nextFriday.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/nextMonday.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/nextSaturday.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/nextSunday.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/nextThursday.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/nextTuesday.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/nextWednesday.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/parse.d.ts:                                          Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/date-fns/parseISO.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/parseJSON.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/previousDay.d.ts:                                    Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/previousFriday.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/previousMonday.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/previousSaturday.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/previousSunday.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/previousThursday.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/previousTuesday.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/previousWednesday.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/quartersToMonths.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/quartersToYears.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/roundToNearestHours.d.ts:                            ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/roundToNearestMinutes.d.ts:                          ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/secondsToHours.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/secondsToMilliseconds.d.ts:                          ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/secondsToMinutes.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/set.d.ts:                                            Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setDate.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setDay.d.ts:                                         Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setDayOfYear.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setDefaultOptions.d.ts:                              Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setHours.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setISODay.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setISOWeek.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setISOWeekYear.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setMilliseconds.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setMinutes.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setMonth.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setQuarter.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setSeconds.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setWeek.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setWeekYear.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/setYear.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfDay.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfDecade.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfHour.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfISOWeek.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfISOWeekYear.d.ts:                             ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfMinute.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfMonth.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfQuarter.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfSecond.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfToday.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfTomorrow.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfWeek.d.ts:                                    Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfWeekYear.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfYear.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/startOfYesterday.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/sub.d.ts:                                            Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subBusinessDays.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subDays.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subHours.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subISOWeekYears.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subMilliseconds.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subMinutes.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subMonths.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subQuarters.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subSeconds.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subWeeks.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/subYears.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/toDate.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/transpose.d.ts:                                      Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/types.d.ts:                                          Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/weeksToDays.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/yearsToDays.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/yearsToMonths.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/date-fns/yearsToQuarters.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/decode-named-character-reference/index.d.ts:                  Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/decode-named-character-reference/index.dom.d.ts:              ASCII text
node_modules/dequal/index.d.ts:                                            ASCII text, with no line terminators
node_modules/emoji-regex/RGI_Emoji.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/emoji-regex/index.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/emoji-regex/text.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/enhanced-resolve/types.d.ts:                                  Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/escalade/index.d.ts:                                          ASCII text
node_modules/escape-string-regexp/index.d.ts:                              Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/eslint-import-resolver-typescript/shim.d.ts:                  ASCII text
node_modules/estree-util-attach-comments/index.d.ts:                       ASCII text
node_modules/estree-util-build-jsx/index.d.ts:                             ASCII text
node_modules/estree-util-is-identifier-name/index.d.ts:                    ASCII text
node_modules/estree-util-to-js/index.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/estree-util-visit/index.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/fast-deep-equal/index.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/fast-deep-equal/react.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/fast-json-stable-stringify/index.d.ts:                        ASCII text
node_modules/fastq/index.d.ts:                                             ASCII text
node_modules/find-up/index.d.ts:                                           Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/flatted/types.d.ts:                                           ASCII text
node_modules/fraction.js/fraction.d.ts:                                    ASCII text, with CRLF line terminators
node_modules/globals/index.d.ts:                                           Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/globby/index.d.ts:                                            Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/has-flag/index.d.ts:                                          Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/hast-util-to-estree/index.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/hast-util-whitespace/index.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/hastscript/index.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/hastscript/svg.d.ts:                                          ASCII text
node_modules/ieee754/index.d.ts:                                           ASCII text
node_modules/ignore/index.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/import-fresh/index.d.ts:                                      Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/is-binary-path/index.d.ts:                                    Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/is-buffer/index.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/is-fullwidth-code-point/index.d.ts:                           Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/is-path-inside/index.d.ts:                                    Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/is-plain-obj/index.d.ts:                                      C++ source, ASCII text
node_modules/kleur/colors.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/kleur/index.d.ts:                                             ASCII text
node_modules/lie/lie.d.ts:                                                 ASCII text, with very long lines (341)
node_modules/locate-path/index.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/longest-streak/index.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-definitions/index.d.ts:                            ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-from-markdown/index.d.ts:                          Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/mdast-util-mdx-expression/complex-types.d.ts:                 ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-mdx-expression/index.d.ts:                         ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-mdx-jsx/index.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-mdx/index.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-mdxjs-esm/complex-types.d.ts:                      ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-mdxjs-esm/index.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-phrasing/index.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-to-hast/complex-types.d.ts:                        ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-to-hast/index.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/mdast-util-to-markdown/index.d.ts:                            Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/mdast-util-to-string/index.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/meshoptimizer/index.module.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/meshoptimizer/meshopt_decoder.module.d.ts:                    ASCII text
node_modules/meshoptimizer/meshopt_encoder.module.d.ts:                    ASCII text
node_modules/meshoptimizer/meshopt_simplifier.module.d.ts:                 ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-core-commonmark/index.d.ts:                         ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-extension-mdx-expression/index.d.ts:                ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-extension-mdx-jsx/index.d.ts:                       ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-extension-mdx-md/index.d.ts:                        ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-extension-mdxjs-esm/index.d.ts:                     ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-extension-mdxjs/index.d.ts:                         ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-factory-destination/index.d.ts:                     ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-factory-label/index.d.ts:                           Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/micromark-factory-mdx-expression/index.d.ts:                  ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-factory-space/index.d.ts:                           Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/micromark-factory-title/index.d.ts:                           ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-factory-whitespace/index.d.ts:                      ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-character/index.d.ts:                          ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-chunked/index.d.ts:                            ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-classify-character/index.d.ts:                 Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/micromark-util-combine-extensions/index.d.ts:                 ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-decode-numeric-character-reference/index.d.ts: ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-decode-string/index.d.ts:                      Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/micromark-util-encode/index.d.ts:                             ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-events-to-acorn/index.d.ts:                    ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-html-tag-name/index.d.ts:                      Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/micromark-util-normalize-identifier/index.d.ts:               Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/micromark-util-resolve-all/index.d.ts:                        ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-sanitize-uri/index.d.ts:                       ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-subtokenize/index.d.ts:                        ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-symbol/codes.d.ts:                             ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-symbol/constants.d.ts:                         ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-symbol/types.d.ts:                             ASCII text
node_modules/micromark-util-symbol/values.d.ts:                            Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/micromark-util-types/index.d.ts:                              HTML document, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/micromark/index.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/micromark/stream.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/mri/index.d.ts:                                               ASCII text
node_modules/nanoid/index.d.ts:                                            Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/next/amp.d.ts:                                                ASCII text
node_modules/next/app.d.ts:                                                ASCII text
node_modules/next/babel.d.ts:                                              ASCII text
node_modules/next/cache.d.ts:                                              ASCII text
node_modules/next/client.d.ts:                                             ASCII text
node_modules/next/config.d.ts:                                             ASCII text
node_modules/next/constants.d.ts:                                          ASCII text
node_modules/next/document.d.ts:                                           ASCII text
node_modules/next/dynamic.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/next/error.d.ts:                                              ASCII text
node_modules/next/head.d.ts:                                               ASCII text
node_modules/next/headers.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/next/image.d.ts:                                              ASCII text
node_modules/next/index.d.ts:                                              ASCII text
node_modules/next/jest.d.ts:                                               ASCII text
node_modules/next/link.d.ts:                                               ASCII text
node_modules/next/navigation.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/next/og.d.ts:                                                 ASCII text
node_modules/next/router.d.ts:                                             ASCII text
node_modules/next/script.d.ts:                                             ASCII text
node_modules/next/server.d.ts:                                             ASCII text
node_modules/next/web-vitals.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/p-limit/index.d.ts:                                           ASCII text
node_modules/p-locate/index.d.ts:                                          Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/path-exists/index.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/path-key/index.d.ts:                                          ASCII text
node_modules/path-type/index.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/picocolors/picocolors.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/picocolors/types.ts:                                          ASCII text
node_modules/pirates/index.d.ts:                                           ASCII text
node_modules/postcss-nested/index.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/postcss-selector-parser.d.ts:         C++ source, ASCII text
node_modules/potpack/index.d.ts:                                           ASCII text
node_modules/prettier/doc.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/prettier/index.d.ts:                                          Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/prettier/standalone.d.ts:                                     Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/property-information/index.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/queue-microtask/index.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/queue/index.d.ts:                                             Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-icons/index.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/react-markdown/index.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/BarLoader.d.ts:                                Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/BeatLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/BounceLoader.d.ts:                             Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/CircleLoader.d.ts:                             Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/ClimbingBoxLoader.d.ts:                        Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/ClipLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/ClockLoader.d.ts:                              Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/DotLoader.d.ts:                                Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/FadeLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/GridLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/HashLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/MoonLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/PacmanLoader.d.ts:                             Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/PropagateLoader.d.ts:                          Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/PuffLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/PulseLoader.d.ts:                              Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/RingLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/RiseLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/RotateLoader.d.ts:                             Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/ScaleLoader.d.ts:                              Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/SkewLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/SquareLoader.d.ts:                             Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/SyncLoader.d.ts:                               Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/react-spinners/index.d.ts:                                    ASCII text
node_modules/readdirp/index.d.ts:                                          Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/remark-mdx/index.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/remark-parse/index.d.ts:                                      Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/remark-rehype/index.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/sade/index.d.ts:                                              Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/safe-buffer/index.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/shebang-regex/index.d.ts:                                     Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/slash/index.d.ts:                                             Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/source-map-js/source-map.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/source-map/source-map.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/space-separated-tokens/index.d.ts:                            ASCII text
node_modules/string-width-cjs/index.d.ts:                                  Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/string-width/index.d.ts:                                      Java source, Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/stringify-entities/index.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/strip-ansi-cjs/index.d.ts:                                    Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/strip-ansi/index.d.ts:                                        Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/strip-json-comments/index.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/style-to-object/index.d.ts:                                   ASCII text
node_modules/styled-jsx/css.d.ts:                                          ASCII text
node_modules/styled-jsx/global.d.ts:                                       ASCII text
node_modules/styled-jsx/index.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/styled-jsx/macro.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/styled-jsx/style.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/suspend-react/index.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/tailwindcss/colors.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/tailwindcss/defaultConfig.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/tailwindcss/defaultTheme.d.ts:                                ASCII text
node_modules/tailwindcss/loadConfig.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/tailwindcss/plugin.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/tailwindcss/resolveConfig.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/tapable/tapable.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/three-stdlib/index.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/trim-lines/index.d.ts:                                        ASCII text
node_modules/trough/index.d.ts:                                            ASCII text
node_modules/tslib/tslib.d.ts:                                             ASCII text, with CRLF line terminators
node_modules/type-fest/base.d.ts:                                          ASCII text
node_modules/type-fest/index.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/typewriter-effect/index.d.ts:                                 ASCII text
node_modules/unified/index.d.ts:                                           Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/unist-util-generated/index.d.ts:                              ASCII text
node_modules/unist-util-is/index.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/unist-util-position-from-estree/index.d.ts:                   ASCII text
node_modules/unist-util-position/index.d.ts:                               ASCII text
node_modules/unist-util-remove-position/index.d.ts:                        ASCII text
node_modules/unist-util-stringify-position/index.d.ts:                     ASCII text
node_modules/unist-util-visit-parents/complex-types.d.ts:                  ASCII text
node_modules/unist-util-visit-parents/index.d.ts:                          ASCII text
node_modules/unist-util-visit/complex-types.d.ts:                          ASCII text
node_modules/unist-util-visit/index.d.ts:                                  ASCII text
node_modules/update-browserslist-db/index.d.ts:                            ASCII text
node_modules/uvu/index.d.ts:                                               ASCII text
node_modules/vfile-message/index.d.ts:                                     ASCII text
node_modules/vfile/index.d.ts:                                             Unicode text, UTF-8 text
node_modules/webgl-constants/rollup.config.ts:                             Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/webpack/module.d.ts:                                          ASCII text
node_modules/webpack/types.d.ts:                                           Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/wrap-ansi/index.d.ts:                                         Algol 68 source, ASCII text
node_modules/yocto-queue/index.d.ts:                                       Unicode text, UTF-8 text, with very long lines (315)
node_modules/zustand/context.d.ts:                                         Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/zustand/index.d.ts:                                           ASCII text
node_modules/zustand/middleware.d.ts:                                      ASCII text
node_modules/zustand/react.d.ts:                                           Java source, ASCII text
node_modules/zustand/shallow.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/zustand/vanilla.d.ts:                                         ASCII text
node_modules/zwitch/index.d.ts:                                            Unicode text, UTF-8 text
developer@ac-srv-141:~/Verba/frontend$
